welcome to the mana recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode seven
and what an episode it was something
actually happens so if you don't want
spoilers go watch it now the episode
title is open your eyes which is what
Sadiq heard someone whispered to him in
his PTSD dreams so hopefully we'll
finally get some closure on sadik's poor
mental issues first things first though
the whisper that Carol and Daryl
captured last episode they bring him in
for questioning
Lydia gives them some advice that the
whisperers are fully brainwashed in
alphas cult so you know no amount of
torture is gonna make him crack but if
he could see that alexandra is a really
nice place to live he might be like oh
my god why am i living in the woods
wearing zombie masks so Carol butters
him up with some bread and jam and it
seems like that's gonna work but oh he
was just playing her yeah this guy's
just fully committed whisperer so Carol
goes in for some like torture but long
story short that doesn't work either
although they do learn one very
interesting thing that alpha told halt
the whisperers that she killed Lydia so
a plan hatches if they could show the
whisperers that Lydia is still alive and
their glorious leader alpha lied to them
oh they might have a mutiny on their
hands unfortunately before they could
bring Lydia to this guy oh something's
wrong he dead yeah Dante gave him some
healing herbs but those are hemlock a
poison it wasn't Dante's fault though it
was Sadiq who packed the bag yes it eeks
been having a real rough time his
flashbacks are worse than ever
and now with so many people in
alexandria randomly sick he's just not
getting any sleep meanwhile at the
border it's Erin and Gama on guard duty
they're starting to talk to each other
try to be friends of course gamma was
instructed by alpha to pretend to be
friends with him to you know get
information and stuff
Erin though was just too friendly a guy
he starts to break down her barriers
especially when he starts talking about
siblings cuz she sacrificed her own
sister to save alpha and she's
definitely starting to regret that alpha
has a check in with her to make sure
she's not cracking and they do the whips
on the arm
ouch so when gamma goes back she just
grabs Aaron with a knife like he'll tell
me everything but just then it's Carol
who comes around the corner with Lydia
Jemma sees that Lydia is alive and boom
Perrine explosion alpha lied to
she runs off into the woods Lydia those
like wait a minute Carol were you just
gonna use me I'm nobody's pawn I'm going
off on my own
back at Alexandria the nice old lady
sadik's been treating oh no she dies
said he couldn't save her and he's
having a serious panic attack now he
just runs and jumps in the river Rose
Eva jumps in there to pull him out
remember these two have a baby together
and even though they're not romantically
together I guess they're still real
close and you know they had a good talk
the kind of heart-to-heart you have on
the walking dead if you're about to die
she beats a little swim though gives
them an idea how wait a minute maybe
people are sick because of the drinking
water you think
yeah I guess Alexandria has some sort of
filtration system and the levers point
to drinkable or undrinkable and on one
of the pipes turns out the lever was
bent it was pointing the wrong way city
claims himself it's because he's been so
distracted that he didn't realize the
water was going the wrong way
his best bro Dante comes to cheer him up
like hey man it's not your fault Dante
gives him a real nice pep talk here and
I've come to really love Dante over the
course of this season I feel bad about
back in episode one accusing him of
being an undercover whisperer except I
was totally right Yeah right after they
hug Dante does a little tongue click
tick and Siddiq boom remembers that's
what the Whisperer did who was holding
him and made him open his eyes Oh
mind blown they have an intense stare
down but sadik's got no poker face Dante
knows the jig is up and oh god they're
having a fight Dante's choking Sidique
out and he's like I'm sorry man I really
did like you this isn't how I wanted it
to go but yeah Sadiq is dead so there ya
have it Dante killed Sadiq he's an
undercover whisperer agent that means it
was Dante who intentionally sabotaged
the water and killed the prisoner before
he could talk it seemed truthful that he
did really like Sadiq and didn't want to
have to kill him
but on the other hand I guess he's
working to bring down all of Alexandria
it's hard to imagine how a normal cool
guy like Dante could ever like be a
whisperer
but I guess alphas got her people just
like very much brainwashed and if they
got a sleeper agent inside out
Andrea maybe there's one at the hilltop
or Oceanside to next week is episode 8
which if I'm not mistaken is the
mid-season break so you know it's gonna
be a biggie
[Music]